Create rule S6249: Authorizing HTTP communications with S3 buckets is security-sensitive (APPSEC-40) (#1095)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6249/description.adoc

> By default, S3 buckets can be accessed through HTTP and HTTPs protocols. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, S3 buckets can be accessed through HTTP and HTTPS protocols. 
```

> As HTTP is a clear-text protocol, it lack  the encryption of transported data, as well as the capability to build an authenticated connection. It means that a malicious actor who is able to intersept traffic from the network can read, modify or corrupt the transported content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As HTTP is a clear-text protocol, it lacks encryption of transported data, as well as the capability to build an authenticated connection. It means that a malicious actor who is able to intercept traffic from the network can read, modify or corrupt the transported content.
```
